{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b SOUTHERN BRO ENTERPRISES LLC\b0\par
\b Website Security Audit Report\b0\par
Audit Date: April 8, 2026\par
Prepared by: Vito Loprestti\par
\par
\b 1. Executive Summary\b0\par
I completed an internal website security review focused on the Southern Bro Enterprises main website, the dedicated Landscaping experience, the public request forms, and the request-notification email workflow. Based on the areas reviewed, the site's baseline security posture improved during this audit window. No known npm audit vulnerabilities remained after dependency updates and follow-up remediation. I did not identify a confirmed critical vulnerability in the reviewed application paths. However, some operational items still require continued attention, especially around email delivery configuration, domain mapping, and future anti-spam scaling.\par
\par
\b 2. Scope of Review\b0\par
The review covered the following areas:\par
- Parent website customer-facing pages and service-priority presentation.\par
- Dedicated Landscaping page, contact page, and thank-you path.\par
- Request-form submission flow for service and delivery requests.\par
- Server-side request validation and notification routing.\par
- Application headers, middleware behavior, and dependency health.\par
\par
\b 3. Remediation and Improvements Completed\b0\par
\b Dedicated Landscaping Isolation\b0\par
- Added middleware logic so the Landscaping domain can resolve to Landscaping-only routes rather than defaulting to the parent-site home page once the custom-domain mapping is finalized.\par
- Added a landscaping-specific thank-you page to keep the experience visually and functionally separated from the general site.\par
\par
\b Request Intake Hardening\b0\par
- Strengthened form validation for core contact and request fields.\par
- Added a hidden honeypot field to reduce simple spam submissions.\par
- Added request-origin checking for the service request API.\par
- Added a basic in-memory rate limiter to reduce repeat submission abuse from a single connection.\par
\par
\b Security Headers\b0\par
- Added Strict-Transport-Security.\par
- Added X-Content-Type-Options.\par
- Added X-Frame-Options.\par
- Added Referrer-Policy.\par
- Added Permissions-Policy.\par
- Added a baseline Content-Security-Policy focused on form action, frame ancestors, object blocking, and insecure-request upgrading.\par
\par
\b Dependency and Build Review\b0\par
- Updated Next.js from 16.1.6 to 16.2.3.\par
- Updated Nodemailer from 8.0.4 to 8.0.5.\par
- Updated the ESLint configuration package to align with the newer Next.js version.\par
- Ran npm audit fix and confirmed zero remaining known vulnerabilities in the audited dependency graph.\par
- Updated the local build command to use Webpack so builds remain stable in the current Windows environment where native Turbopack bindings are blocked by application control policy.\par
\par
\b 4. Verification Results\b0\par
- npm audit: 0 vulnerabilities.\par
- npm run lint: completed successfully.\par
- npm run build: completed successfully using next build --webpack.\par
\par
\b 5. Residual Risks and Open Items\b0\par
- The current rate limiter is in-memory, so it is a baseline protection rather than a distributed production-grade abuse control.\par
- The request system still depends on correct SMTP credentials and healthy mail-service configuration in the deployment environment.\par
- There is not yet a CAPTCHA or Turnstile-style challenge on public forms, so spam resistance is improved but not final.\par
- The dedicated Landscaping domain still requires final DNS / domain mapping in Squarespace and Vercel for full isolation in production.\par
- This review was an internal application review, not a third-party penetration test.\par
\par
\b 6. Overall Assessment\b0\par
Based on the reviewed scope, the website is in a materially better state than before the audit window. Baseline request security, dependency health, and routing behavior were improved. I would describe the current reviewed posture as improved and workable for continued deployment, with moderate operational follow-up still needed around mail delivery reliability, domain configuration, and future anti-spam hardening.\par
\par
\b 7. Recommended Next Actions\b0\par
1. Finalize the Landscaping custom-domain mapping so the dedicated site behavior is fully active in production.\par
2. Verify live SMTP credentials and confirm successful end-to-end request delivery to management.\par
3. Add a stronger anti-spam layer such as CAPTCHA or Turnstile if public traffic increases.\par
4. Continue reviewing customer-facing wording and service-priority positioning as the company's seasonal focus changes.\par
5. Consider periodic dependency audits and deployment checks as part of normal maintenance.\par
\par
Prepared for Southern Bro Enterprises LLC\par
Vito Loprestti\par
}
