{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b INTERNSHIP WEEKLY REPORT - WEEK 4\b0\par
Student: Vito Loprestti\par
Major: Computer Science\par
Internship Program: Week 4 of 6\par
\par
\b Overview\b0\par
Week 4 focused on polishing the Southern Bro Enterprises website, organizing the dedicated Landscaping experience, improving the customer request flow, and completing a structured website security review. During the week, I worked on customer-facing presentation, request routing, form behavior, and technical hardening so the site could move closer to a more professional and reliable production state.\par
\par
\b Work Completed\b0\par
During this week, I completed or advanced work related to website refinement, service-page organization, request handling, and security review. My main responsibilities included:\par
- Reviewing the parent site for customer-facing wording, grammar, and presentation improvements.\par
- Continuing the Landscaping site structure so it behaves more like a dedicated service website with home, contact, and request flow support.\par
- Reviewing request-form behavior and testing how service requests move through the site and notification workflow.\par
- Improving the dedicated-service routing so Landscaping can stay separate from the parent page when accessed through its own domain path.\par
- Moving auto detailing into a more visible priority position on the main site because it is one of the company's current sales focuses.\par
- Polishing service-page copy so the customer experience reads more professionally and less like an internal draft.\par
- Completing a website security review and implementing baseline security protections such as stronger validation, request-origin checks, rate limiting, security headers, and dependency updates.\par
- Preparing the supporting evidence, audit summary, and internship reporting materials for the week.\par
\par
\b Security and Technical Review\b0\par
As part of this week's work, I completed an internal website security review covering the request forms, email-notification flow, dependency health, and application configuration. I updated vulnerable dependencies, added security headers, improved server-side validation, added a honeypot spam field, and introduced a basic rate-limiting and origin-check layer for the request API. After those changes, the dependency audit returned zero known vulnerabilities in the reviewed package set.\par
\par
\b Computer Science Contribution\b0\par
From a Computer Science perspective, my work this week involved front-end refinement, route handling, middleware behavior, secure input processing, dependency maintenance, and validation-oriented backend logic. The landscaping-domain work and request-form security improvements especially relate to software engineering because they combine user experience, server logic, and operational reliability into a cleaner and safer system.\par
\par
\b Impact on the Company\b0\par
My work this week helped the company move toward a more professional customer-facing website while also reducing technical risk in the request workflow. The website now places stronger emphasis on auto detailing, the Landscaping experience is better positioned to act as a dedicated service site, and the request intake process has stronger safeguards and clearer structure. These changes support better presentation, cleaner lead capture, and a more secure web presence for the company.\par
\par
\b Work Hours\b0\par
For Week 4, the timesheet covering Monday, March 30, 2026 through Sunday, April 5, 2026 totals 25 hours. The logged sessions for the week were: Monday - 3 hours, Tuesday - 3 hours, Wednesday - 4 hours, Thursday - 5 hours, Friday - 4 hours, Saturday - 3 hours, and Sunday - 3 hours. The time was spent on website refinement, Landscaping-site organization, request-form review, detailing-priority updates, security hardening, and supporting documentation.\par
\par
\b Next Steps\b0\par
In the next stage of the internship, I will continue testing the request-notification flow, help finalize the Landscaping domain behavior once the domain mapping is completed, keep refining the parent site presentation, and continue supporting production-ready improvements for the Southern Bro brand family.\par
\par
Vito Loprestti\par
}
