{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b INTERNSHIP WEEKLY REPORT - WEEK 2 (PREPARATION PHASE)\b0\par
Student: Vito Loprestti\par
Major: Computer Science\par
Phase: Preparation (Week 2 of 4)\par
\par
\b Overview\b0\par
Week 2 of the preparation phase focused on strengthening the structure, presentation, and organization of the Southern Bro Enterprises website. My work centered on refining service-related content, improving page layout and navigation, reviewing project files, and supporting the overall development workflow so the website can continue moving toward a cleaner and more professional public-facing platform.\par
\par
\b Work Completed\b0\par
During this week, I completed tasks related to website development, interface improvement, and project organization. My main responsibilities included:\par
- Reorganizing portions of the website structure and refining service categories.\par
- Adding and reviewing service logos and related visual assets.\par
- Implementing new service entries and improving page layout for clearer presentation.\par
- Reviewing repository files and correcting minor issues that affected consistency and usability.\par
- Updating website content and organizing service-related assets for easier maintenance.\par
- Improving interface behavior and navigation so the site is easier to use across devices.\par
- Documenting weekly progress and preparing supporting internship materials.\par
\par
\b Computer Science Contribution\b0\par
From a Computer Science perspective, my work this week involved front-end development, interface organization, content structure, repository review, and workflow support. I contributed to how information is presented to users, how service content is organized within the project, and how the website can continue developing in a more maintainable and scalable way. These tasks support software quality, usability, and long-term platform growth.\par
\par
\b Impact on the Company\b0\par
My work this week helped improve the clarity and professionalism of the company's digital presence. By refining the website structure, organizing service information, improving navigation, and reviewing implementation details, I supported a stronger user experience and a more polished foundation for future updates. These improvements make the platform easier to manage internally and easier for visitors to understand externally.\par
\par
\b Evidence of Work Completed\b0\par
Evidence for this week's work includes repository activity, website content updates, interface refinements, organized service assets, and written internship documentation. Together, these materials show continued progress in website development, technical organization, and preparation for future feature expansion.\par
\par
\b Work Hours\b0\par
For Week 2, the timesheet covering Monday, March 16, 2026 through Sunday, March 22, 2026 totals 25 hours if the Sunday documentation session is included. The verified completed hours through Saturday, March 21, 2026 total 22 hours, with the following logged sessions: Monday - 3 hours, Tuesday - 2 hours, Wednesday - 3 hours, Thursday - 7 hours, Friday - 3 hours, and Saturday - 4 hours.\par
\par
\b Next Steps\b0\par
In the next stage of the preparation phase, I will continue refining website content, improving navigation and layout consistency, reviewing additional project files, and preparing the platform for further development. I will also continue documenting progress and strengthening the technical structure needed for future integrations and service expansion.\par
\par
Vito Loprestti\par
}
