{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Arial;}}
\fs24
\b INTERNSHIP WEEKLY REPORT - WEEK 2 (PREPARATION PHASE)\b0\par
Student: Vito Loprestti\par
Major: Computer Science\par
Phase: Preparation (Week 2 of 4)\par
\par
\b Overview\b0\par
This week continued the preparation phase of my internship with Southern Bro Enterprises LLC. The main focus shifted from early planning into active website deployment, interface refinement, and workflow organization. In addition to continuing structural improvements to the website, I worked on deployment strategy, domain configuration, preview-review workflows, multilingual support, and mobile-responsive improvements to make the platform more practical for real-world use.\par
\par
\b Work Completed\b0\par
During this week, I completed several tasks related to website development, deployment management, and digital operations support. My main responsibilities included:\par
- Connecting the website development workflow to Vercel for live hosting and testing.\par
- Assisting with domain and DNS configuration so the company website could be served through the correct public domain.\par
- Creating a staging / preview workflow so new features can be reviewed separately before being moved to the main public website.\par
- Expanding and reorganizing the website navigation and page structure to better reflect the company services and public-facing needs.\par
- Improving mobile responsiveness, layout spacing, header structure, and general front-end usability.\par
- Adding multilingual support on primary sections of the site, including English, Spanish, and French.\par
- Cleaning and professionalizing website copy so the public site reads more like a finished business platform rather than a draft.\par
- Continuing to document the system architecture and technical direction for future integrations.\par
\par
\b Computer Science Contribution\b0\par
From a Computer Science perspective, my contribution this week focused on front-end architecture, deployment workflow design, domain configuration, and scalable platform organization. I helped move the website from a local development-only setup toward a more structured hosted environment using Git, branch-based deployment, and preview workflows. I also worked on responsive design, UI behavior, language-state handling, and separation between production and staging environments. These tasks directly support more maintainable software practices and prepare the platform for future database, CRM, scheduling, and service integrations.\par
\par
\b Impact on the Company\b0\par
My work this week helped the company move closer to having a professionally managed website workflow rather than only a static or manually edited page. The project now has a clearer separation between production and testing environments, a more organized process for supervisor review, improved public presentation, stronger mobile usability, and better accessibility for a wider audience through multilingual support. These improvements increase the professional quality of the company website and support future operational growth.\par
\par
\b Work Hours\b0\par
This week I worked several evening sessions on website development, deployment configuration, testing, translation support, layout refinement, and workflow organization. My time was spent both on direct implementation and on technical problem-solving related to hosting, preview environments, public access, and responsive design improvements.\par
\par
\b Next Steps\b0\par
In the next stage of the preparation phase, I will continue refining the preview environment, improving secondary pages, expanding translation coverage, and preparing the website for more advanced integrations such as database-backed workflows, scheduling connections, and structured service-request handling. I will also continue improving the platform's responsiveness, clarity, and technical maintainability before the execution phase begins.\par
\par
Vito Loprestti\par
}
